{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green79\blue175;\red11\green12\blue197;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh15100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc3 Syntax-Styling
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \ulnone \

\fs24 \
This is an abbreviated version of a Fred syntax-styling utility.\
\
Hemlock currently uses temporary text attributes, so styling is limited to color, and underlining.  I've added capitalization.  You can't mix fonts, font sizes, and font styles the way you could with Fred.\
\
There's no preference dialog and only one built-in style.  To develop your own style, hack the parameters at the top of syntax-styling-specials.lisp.\
\
You'll need a newer Mac to use this.  Cocoa-Hemlock is shaping up to be a very capable Lisp editor, but it is just not as fast as old Fred.  This runs okay on a Core 2 Duo Mac Mini, 2.0 GHz, 4 GB.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Usage
\b0 :\
First use the CCL Preference Dialog to set font, font-size and background color.  I use Monaco 11 with either a white or a light gray background, but you might like something else.  \
\
Next use System Preferences to turn anti-aliasing on or off.  The CCL preference, "Use bitmapped screen fonts, when available" will also affect appearance.\
\
The built-in style uses capitalization.  If you don't want capitalization, set 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 *style-case-p*
\f0\fs24 \cf0  to nil.  It is at the top of syntax-styling-specials.lisp.  This is the simplest way to use the utility.\
\
\

\b If you want capitalization, there are some details:
\b0 \
You will probably want to batch style all your source files.  The temporary text attributes, color and underlining, are not persistent, but capitalization obviously is.   The utility will dynamically style a screenful of code every time you scroll, but it does not set capitalization, only color and underlining.  If it set capitalization, you would have to save every file you viewed, whether you edited it or not.\
\
When 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 *style-case-p*
\f0\fs24 \cf0  is set to t, the utility adds a \cf2 Style Folder...\cf0  menu-item under the \cf2 Edit \cf0 menu.  It will style all the Lisp files in the folder you choose and recursively style all the sub-folders.  I recommend making a \ul copy\ulnone  of you source files and style the copy.   Once you are satisfied with what the utility does, you can proceed.\
\
When 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 *style-case-p*
\f0\fs24 \cf0  is set to t, \cf2 Style\cf0  \cf2 File\cf0  and \cf2 Style File Vanilla \cf0 are also added to the\cf2  Edit \cf0 menu.  \cf2 Style File\cf0  styles and sets capitalization in the currently active Hemlock window.  \cf2 Style File Vanilla\cf0  removes all styling and sets capitalization to lower case, but leaves string, comments, objc function names and various constants alone.   There is also a \cf2 Syntax Styling\cf0  menu-item which lets you turn styling on and off.\
\
The utility does a good job of keeping styling correct, but sometime it can be wrong.  This can happen, for example, when you type in bogus syntax, which you later re-edit.  If you press \cf2 Control-j \cf0  in a complete top level form, the form will be restyled, correcting any errors.\
\
\

\b Setup:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 cd  ccl/contrib/\
svn update\
\
\cf0 That will pull in new versions of all contribs, including Syntax-Styling.\
\cf2 \
\cf0 In the Listener or in ~/ccl-init.lisp execute this form:\
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf2 (require :syntax-styling)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Shareware
\b0 :\
If you decide to use Syntax-Styling on a regular basis, please make a $5 contribution to either the Save Darfur Coalition or the World Wildlife Fund.  You can do this online.\
\
}